.TH scadb 1 "27 Jan 2014" "scadb" "Supportconfig Diagnostic Manual"
.SH NAME
db - Supportconfig Diagnostic Database Maintenance Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
db [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBdb\fR command is used for database maintenance. It is run as the scdiag user, but can be run as root too.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fBhelp\fR
Show this help screen.
.TP
\fBcheck\fR
Checks, optimizes and repairs tables
.TP
\fBempty\fR
Truncates Archives and Results, resets Agents and AgentWorkers
.TP
\fBreport \fIint\fR
Creates an HTML report file for Archive ID \fIint\fR.
.TP
\fBcmd\fR \fIquery\fR
Supports a custom query
.TP
\fBimport\fR \fIfile\fR
Imports the file a MySQL file
.TP
\fBold\fR \fIinteger\fR
Deletes old archives greater than \fIinteger\fR days old
.TP
\fBreset agents\fR
Activates all agents and clears the agent threads
.TP
\fBreset archive\fR \fIinteger\fR
Resets an archive to be analyzed again. The archive's results are deleted and the archive is set to a New state.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sdbroker (1)

