.TH sdbroker.conf 5 "16 Jan 2014" "sdborker.conf" "Supportconfig Diagnostic Manual"
.SH NAME
sdbroker.conf - Supportconfig Diagnostic Broker configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBsdbroker.conf\fR file has default values for variables used by several Broker Server applications. The following applications use the \fBsdbroker.conf\fR file: \fBsdbroker\fR, \fBsdbroker-monitor\fR, \fBdb\fR
.TP
INSRC
Input source. The complete input source location of supportconfig archives to be processed. This URL is broken into individual components by \fBsetup-sdbroker\fR for faster processing because \fBsdbroker\fR is run frequently. The components are INSRC_TYPE, INSRC_HOST and INSRC_DIR.
.RS
Run \fBsetup-sdbroker\fR to configure.
.RE
.RS
Examples:
.RE
.RS
.B ftp://ftp.novell.com/incoming
.RE
.RS
.B file:///srv/ftp
.RE
.TP
INSRC_TYPE
Input source type. This is the type component of the INSRC. There are two supported input source types: ftp and file
.RS
Run \fBsetup-sdbroker\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
INSRC_HOST
Input source host. This is the hostname component of the INSRC.
.RS
Run \fBsetup-sdbroker\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
INSRC_DIR
Input source directory. This is the directory component of the INSRC. 
.RS
Run \fBsetup-sdbroker\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
SCA_WORK
The broker's working directory.
.RS
Default: /var/tmp/sca/
.RE
.TP
ARCHIVE_INBOUND
The archive import file for new supportconfigs.
.RS
Default: ${SCA_WORK}/manifest.archives.sql or /var/tmp/sca/manifest.archives.sql
.RE
.TP
EMAIL_ADMIN
The administor email notification address. Any email alerts generated by \fBsdbroker\fR will be sent to this address. 
.RS
Run \fBsetup-sdbroker\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
ARCHIVE_RETRY_TIMEOUT
The time in seconds to wait before attempting to analyze an archive that was marked for retry.
.RS
Default: 900
.RE
.TP
ARCHIVE_ASSIGNED_TIMEOUT
The time in seconds to wait for an assigned archive to change states. The sdagent assigns new archives to agent worker threads. When the worker thread starts to process the archive, it will change its state. If the state does not change from Assigned to something else within the ARCHIVE_ASSIGNED_TIMEOUT, the archive will be reassigned to another agent and the agent working on the archive will be deactivated. 
.RS
Default: 1800
.RE
.TP
DB_USER
The MySQL database user to use for all Broker Server database operations. The sdbroker user is included in the schema and created by default.
.RS
\fBWARNING:\fR Do not change this value.
.RE
.RS
Default: sdbroker
.RE
.TP
DB_PASS
The DB_USER password for the sdbroker MySQL database user. 
.RS
Run \fBsetup-sdbroker\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
DB_NAME
The main MySQL database name for the Supportconfig Diagnostic Tool infrastructure.
.RS
\fBWARNING:\fR Do not change this value.
.RE
.RS
Default: ServerDiagnostics
.RE
.TP
DB_CONNECT
MySQL connection information. Includes the DB_USER, DB_PASS and DB_NAME necessary to access the ServerDiagnostics database.
.TP
LOGLEVEL
The broker log level. Valid options are LOGLEVEL_SILENT, LOGLEVEL_MIN, LOGLEVEL_NORMAL, LOGLEVEL_VERBOSE and LOGLEVEL_DEBUG.
.RS
Default: LOGLEVEL_MIN
.RE
.TP
EMAIL_LEVEL
The level of alerts sent to the administrator's email. Valid options are EMAIL_SILENT, EMAIL_MIN, EMAIL_NORMAL, EMAIL_VERBOSE and EMAIL_DEBUG. 
.RS
Default: EMAIL_MIN
.RE
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sdbroker (1)
.BR db (1)
.BR setup-sdbroker (1)
.BR sdbroker-monitor (1)

