.TH SETUP-SCA 8 "04 Jul 2014" "sca-appliance-broker" "Supportconfig Analysis Manual"
.SH NAME
setup-sca - SCA Appliance Setup Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
setup-sca OPTIONS
.SH DESCRIPTION
Quick setup tool intended for a stand alone SCA appliance. It checks that all packages are installed, necessary
services are running, and configures the SCA appliance components.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Show this help screen.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fIstring\fR
Company name used in pattern template generation if sca-appliance-patdev is installed. This 
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIstring\fR
Company's email domain name used in pattern template generation if sca-appliance-patdev is installed. If not specified, the domain from -e is used if present. 
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIstring\fR
The MySQL root password.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR \fIstring\fR
The SCA web interface password.
.TP
\fB\-e\fR \fIstring\fR
Admin email address (Default: local root user)
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fIstring\fR
Overrides the server hostname value. By default the local hostname of the server is used. 
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
Change to FTP archive source file:///srv/ftp/upload. Only vsftpd with an anonymous ftp upload configuration is supported. If you want to use a different FTP server or configuration, you must configure it manually. (Default: file:///tmp/)
.TP
\fB\-y\fR
Confirms the deletion of a pre-existing database and users
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fBsetup-sca\fR
Prompts the user for the MySQL root password and the SCA web interface password, then configures SCA to analyze supportconfigs placed in the /tmp directory.
.TP
\fBsetup-sca -p linux -w linux\fR
Configures the server using a MySQL root password of linux and an SCA web interface password of linux to analyze supportconfigs placed in the /tmp directory. No interactive prompts issued.
.TP
\fBsetup-sca -fp linux -w linux\fR
A non-interactive configuration with the MySQL root and web interface passwords set and supportconfigs placed in the anonymous ftp user directory, /srv/ftp/upload. The setup program will also confirm that vsftpd is installed and active with an anonymous ftp configuration. 
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sdagent-config (8)

