.TH setup-sdbroker 8 "18 Mar 2014" "setup-sdbroker" "Supportconfig Analysis Manual"
.SH NAME
setup-sdbroker - SCA Broker Setup Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
setup-sdbroker -p <root_password> -b <sdbroker_password> -e <email> -i <url> [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Configures the MySQL administration and report database used by the Supportconfig Diagnostic Tools. For detailed installation instructions, see \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/README\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Show this help screen.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
Do not clear the screen. Helpful for running in scripts.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIstring\fR
MySQL root password. The root password is needed to create the ServerDiagnostics database and its associated tables.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR \fIstring\fR
MySQL sdbroker password. The password to use for the sdbroker MySQL user. The sdbroker user is local and is used by \fBsdbroker\fR(1). The password is initially set based on the user schema file \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/ServerDiagnostics_Users.sql\fR.
.TP
\fB\-e\fR \fIemail\fR
Admin email address. The \fBsdbroker\fR will sent some email notifications regarding the state of the broker, database and agents. These notifications are sent to this email address.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fIstring\fR
Input source URL. Specifies the source location of the supportconfig archives to analyze. Supported formats: ftp and file. See \fBsdbroker.conf\fR(5)
.RS
Examples:
.RE
.RS
.B ftp://ftp.server.org/incoming
.RE
.RS
.B file:///srv/ftp/
.RE
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fIstring\fR
Path to schema files. Default: /usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag
.TP
\fB\-y\fR
Confirms the deletion of a pre-existing database and users. This is useful in recreating the ServerDiagnostics database and users.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sdbroker (8)
.BR sdbroker.conf (5)

