.TH setup-sdp 1 "18 Jul 2013" "setup-sdp" "Supportconfig Diagnostic Manual"
.SH NAME
setup-sdp - Supportconfig Diagnostic Pattern Setup Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
setup-sdp -p <root_password> -b <sdp_password> [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Configures the MySQL custom Supportconfig Analysis (SCA) pattern database used by the SCA Appliance. For detailed installation instructions, see \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/README\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Show this help screen.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
Do not clear the screen. Helpful for running in scripts.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIstring\fR
MySQL root password. The root password is needed to create the ServerDiagnostics database and its associated tables.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR \fIstring\fR
MySQL sdp password. The password to use for the sdp MySQL user. The sdp user is local and is used by \fBsdp\fR(1). The password is initially set based on the user schema file \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/ServerDiagnostics_Users.sql\fR.
.TP
\fB\-y\fR
Confirms the deletion of a pre-existing database and users. This is useful in recreating the ServerDiagnostics database and users.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sdp.conf (5)

