.TH setup-sdagent 8 "18 Mar 2014" "setup-sdagent" "Supportconfig Analysis Manual"
.SH NAME
setup-sdagent - SCA Agent Setup Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
setup-sdagent -h <agent> -p <root_password> [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creates the necessary agent database entries. These entries will be used by the agent once it is configured with \fBsdagent-config\fR. The \fBsetup-sdagent\fR configures the database entries and is run on the broker server, while the \fBsdagent-config\fR configures the agent itself and is run on the agent server. For detailed installation instructions, see \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/README\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-H\fR
Show this help screen.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR \fIstring\fR
The agent server's hostname. This is used for the agent name in the database agent entry.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIstring\fR
The MySQL root password. Required to add an agent database entry and update the sdagent MySQL user.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
Do not clear the screen. Helpful for running in scripts.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR \fIinteger\fR
Number of worker threads for the configured agent. 
.RS
Default: 4
.RE
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sdagent-config (8)

